# Expand Questions
1. 
    1. For the first point, the asynchronous nature brings some unpredictabilities with the system. People are used to reading code in a linear manner from top to bottom usually. When this flow is broken, developers tend to get confused. For eg, when they console log two lines subsequently asynchronously, it is possible for them to be printed out of order, which is unexpected behaviour. Obviously this small problem is outweighed by the massive benefits of asynchronous progamming such as extremely fast IO operations. 
    2. The sentiment is totally acceptable and valid. Dynamic typing may be one of worst inventions in programming, and causes confusion and unmaintainable code in the name of ease of programming. This is an especially infuriating problem when dealing with APIs with poor documentation. Without static typing, the type of the data required in the API functions will be difficult to find and may lead to other bugs and confusion.
    3. The web platform is slow and usually less secure than the host platform/bare metal applications. This is outweighed by the fact that the web platform is OS/Hardware agnostic and provides a somewhat standardized system for application programming.
2. 
    1. The loose typing is probably a subjective preference or maybe it was just easier to program. But it looks like the typesystem has lacked serious consideration to the sanity of the programmer. This has led to various augmentations to the typesystem being created - one of them being typescript.
    2. Async programming has various benefits: it allows multiple concurrent processes in the same thread, it allows fast IO operations, it allows responsive applications even when data processing is occurring as another task, etc.
3. Compiled languages break down into machine code that runs on bare metal. An interpreted language runs through an interpreter which has to go through the source line by line to then run the program. Javascript is interpreted. The benefit is that it can run on any browser that can interpret it meaning it can run on basically all the popular OSs. The disadvantage is that it's slower than comparable web platforms like webassembly. 
4. Using the frameworks without understanding how the underlying implementation works is useless and may cause problems down the line. It causes the developer to the stuck on trying to solve simple problems with frameworks that can be easily solved by simply using vanilla javascript. The drawbacks of not learning frameworks are that it will take an extraordinary amount of time to even do moderately advanced web applications. This is similar to the reason nobody writes ml models in C or C++ even though the underlying implementation of libraries like numpy are written in C.
5. Obviously understanding javascript is foundatational in web development and this lab also teaches the fundamentals of diagramming which is half the planning part. 